---
layout: single
classes: wide
---
Welcome! Here, you can get to know me, my work and my journey as an engineer. Thinking through problems and coming up with creative solutions is an MO that has always come natural to me and I have sought to develop this through my years of education. I have achieved a PhD in Mechanical Engineering gaining experience in machine design, control engineering, mechanics, robotics and many other topics.  My PhD researched centered on the development of exoskeletons for rehabilitation of several motor-impaired populations, and motion analysis of gait and posture. One seminal achievement during my PhD was the design and construction of a cable-driven exoskeleton called the Robotic Upright Stand Trainer. This device had two end effectors, one controlled in the 2D horizontal plane by four motors and the other in 3D by 8 motors. Through a sophisticated control system the device sensed the movement of a spinal cord injury patient in postural control rehabilitation and either provided support to the subject or perturbed them. This significantly decreased the work load of the physical therapists involved in the patient's rehabilitation training.  
Another significant contribution of my research was the exploration of Transcutaneous Spinal Cord Stimulation (TSCS) as a means of increasing the neuroplasticity of the spinal cord during rehabilitation of SCI patients. Surgically implanted epidural stimulation has led to increased muscle contraction and control in SCI patients enabling some to walk again under their own control. I explored the use of a non-invasive analog of epidural stimulation, TSCS, to increase muscle activation in healthy subjects and its effect when used while performing a balance control task.  
I am now a post-doctoral research scientist adding features to the controller on the Robotic Stand Trainer such as impedance control, and coordination trunk and pelvis movement based on a neural network model of movement in the healthy population.
